play the game
it's all about the game
of your truck
take it
welcome to the special Arnold fitness
weekend edition of muscle in the morning
brought to you by ironmaglabs the most
hardcore bodybuilding supplements on the
market i'm your host dave palumbo and
i'm here to bring you all the latest
news in the world of bodybuilding and
fitness it's Friday March 6 2015 let's
get to it there might not be another
athlete receiving less attention heading
into the 2 12 showdown at the Arnold
Classic and the UK's Sean to Bernie a
the former British national champion was
a top 10 finisher on the Olympia stage
and flex magazine rookie of the year
once upon a time but abruptly dropped
off the radar for several years before
reappearing suddenly last year when he
was at his best to Vernie a showed that
he was capable of hanging with the best
in the sport and today will be the test
of tests for the genetically talented
Brit as he faces off against the likes
of jose raymond Eduardo Correa Heda
yamagishi and Erin Clark over the years
hundreds of thousands of athletes have
gravitated to the bodybuilding world in
an effort to look like a real-life
superhero and there aren't many athletes
in the sport today who look more
cartoonish than rouille Winkler
appropriately nicknamed the beast
although he's been relatively quiet
throughout his prep judging from his
most recent photos Winkle looks poised
to make some serious noise but as we've
seen before rue Lee's freak appeal makes
him look like mr. Olympia in the gym
alone but the true test will be if his
looking conditioning hold up on the
stages bright lights and he squares off
against centric McMillan Justin Compton
and dexter jackson tomorrow afternoon
foetal yacht is looking as big as a
house six weeks out from his 2015 debut
after tipping the scales at over 290
pounds in the offseason I be odd looks
to be on the fast track to hitting this
stage at his all-time best back in two
thousand eight RBI made his only
uneventful appearance on the Olympia
stage but if he's able to snag a
qualification at the FIBA power in
Germany his next trip to Las Vegas will
certainly be one to remember after
seeing his contest placings improving
each of his four contests since turning
pro it doesn't look like Ken Jackson has
any plans of reversing the trend Jackson
was seen absolutely crushing back
earlier in the week as he gears up to
make another strong push in 2015 last
season Jackson brought his best look
ever to the ifbb Tampa Pro which earned
him a ninth-place finished for his
efforts but after another very solid
offseason and some thick slabs of new
muscle Jackson looks poised to make 2015
the best year of his career with other
ten weeks to go until he makes his 2015
debut at the New York pro 2 12 it
doesn't look like guy cisternino is
playing any games last season cisternino
had the best year of his young career
notching wins in Toronto in Dallas and
arguably being overlooked on the Olympia
stage in the European tour and after
getting a solid taste of victory last
season cisternino appears to be as
hungry as ever to sink his teeth back
into the competition and take a major
bite at a 2015 and that doesn't see it
another edition of muscle in the morning
brought to you by ironmaglabs the most
hardcore bodybuilding supplements on the
market check out ironmaglabs calm today
i'm your host dave palumbo reminding you
to always be true to your passions and
make sure to follow us on twitter
facebook and instagram
you